hello all welcome back to
one more of our missions
or fast revilla by 10
is on air plus a short episode
story magazine vogue dead book
social political figures no matter what the
The invasion has already begun and everything
protect one of the best fighters in
training for the occasion is the series for
weak also known as the best
game against zombies in history has to
catch this game that is what we see today
this game was born from the idea of making a
first-person shooter game with
and that it was not just another
that would join the best of the single
multiplayer player and that's where the
concept of making a multiplayer
cooperative are the four players who
help themselves all the time if they want to
it's okay to play alone with
computer controlling others
characters but intelligence
is focused on helping the
player and it's embarrassing how much you
playing it your way is
much more fun this is a game that
happens in chapters that each would be
your own movie
The goal is to go through the
next safe house there has groceries to
and then the next part begins and
each chapter has three to five
segments with a great battle in each
Last
during the phase the players advance and in
certain moments appear the hordes
of zombies capable of all sides
That's it causes the most common is that
time that the differential of this game enters
the director of artificial intelligence who
ensures that the matches will never be
repeated at the beginning of each one the director
determines where enemies will attack
if the attack will be common it will be an invasion
where the items will appear which will
to show how many of these items
as a player and must flee which way
follow
will be judges also heard the moments
special
the director also controls the attention in
up of players across the track
sound that gets heavier lighter
everything according to the progress of the game
if you have little ammunition
energy
after all it is a series of factors
all calculated in the name of experience
that will repeat that it will never be the same in
each match
communication between players is
important but not everyone can
the same likes to speak in the microphone
recorded thousands and thousands of
of speech and dialogue with each character
a type speech here has guns
there are five variations for each
of the four characters and during
certain moments begin to
talk to each other about worldly things
So what's happening through the phase
they also talk about things signs
written on the wall or
advice and reloads gun recovers
energy
that kind of thing the player talked about in the
microphone, the character speaks to his
own store when the player runs out of
energy first, and specifies that the
other go there and help get up
meanwhile he gets thrown on the floor
with its history and defending itself
if he falls three times then he dies and
is out of the game but will come back more
before this your players will not
resuscitate and with the defibrillator
which is more a strategy point
about the use of portable items left
First aid kit
carry a white weapon type a sword
golf club or walk around with two
pistols
I get a Molotov cocktail, a grenade
that catches the eye of the trash is always a
Come on, another one's gonna charge again.
adding variety because modes
game are better than the other
if so far it seems that this game
too spectacular to try inside the
own instinct of passion an area of
fan created content
There are all sorts of things out there.
character enemies weapon new campaigns
and all I want to give another
and to close the video will
say that this
just a general overview of the series for
average so far are 12 games that if you
to buy is good live from today
this seems to be the obvious but there is a
good reason for this
Since its launch in 2009, many
many updates happened and the
few add the content of the
first game the second until
eventually he turned 12 and 13 in there
all lcd missions two games
before a large package that always
it's for sale well cheap then
do not waste time and take yours if it is
Did not do that already.
the game is old and if you already have xin
add there and enjoy to enter
in the group of top magazine
Let's set up a team while an animal is
a game any day, just call and
For now let's end the episode of
today with the traditional jewelry and sent the
link to people let's give this help
see also the links in the description
for facebook twitter and half all
rest
Thank you for tuning in again.
I hug you all and see you next time.
the album